fix: resolve issues with content representation (#33889)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/browseraction/onclicked/index.md

## Examples

> When the user clicks the icon, disable the browser aciton for the active tab, and log the tab's URL:

Reviewer: Perhaps it would be better to clarify what the icon is - you also had a typo:
```suggestion
When the user clicks the browser action icon this code turns it off for the active tab and logs the tab's URL:
```
